README.md, before:

# Guess My Number

Welcome to the "Guess My Number" game! This project is a simple number guessing game built with HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. The objective is to guess a randomly generated number between 1 and 20.

## Features

Random Number Generation: The game generates a random number between 1 and 20 that the player needs to guess.
Feedback Messages: Provides feedback on whether the guess is too high, too low, or correct.
Score Tracking: Tracks the player's score, which decreases with each incorrect guess.
Game Over Condition: The game ends when the score reaches zero, and the player is notified.

## How to Play

1. Start the Game: Reload the page to generate a new random number.
2. Make a Guess: Enter a number between 1 and 20 and submit.
3. Receive Feedback: The game will tell you if your guess is too high, too low, or correct.
4. Try Again: Adjust your guess based on the feedback until you either guess correctly or run out of attempts.

## Installation

To set up the project locally:

1. Clone the Repository:

Bash
git clone https://github.com/saleh-coder/Guess-My-Number.git

2. Navigate to the Project Directory:

Bash
cd Guess-My-Number

3. Open the Project:
   Open the index.html file in your preferred web browser to start playing the game.

## Contributing

Feel free to submit issues or pull requests if you find any bugs or have suggestions for improvements.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE file for details.

## Acknowledgements

Inspired by classic number guessing games.

Special thanks to the open-source community for their tools and libraries.

Commit message:

Update README.md with the current project status

README.md, after:

# Guess My Number

Welcome to the "Guess My Number" game! This project is a simple number guessing game built with HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. The objective is to guess a randomly generated number between 1 and 20.

## Features

Random Number Generation: The game generates a random number between 1 and 20 that the player needs to guess.
Feedback Messages: Provides feedback on whether the guess is too high, too low, or correct.
Score Tracking: Tracks the player's score, which decreases with each incorrect guess.
Game Over Condition: The game ends when the score reaches zero, and the player is notified.

## Current Status

The game is currently in development. Some features may not be fully implemented, and there may be bugs or incomplete functionality.

## How to Play

1. Start the Game: Reload the page to generate a new random number.
2. Make a Guess: Enter a number between 1 and 20 and submit.
3. Receive Feedback: The game will tell you if your guess is too high, too low, or correct.
4. Try Again: Adjust your guess based on the feedback until you either guess correctly or run out of attempts.

## Installation

To set up the project locally:

1. Clone the Repository:

Bash
git clone https://github.com/saleh-coder/Guess-My-Number.git

2. Navigate to the Project Directory:

Bash
cd Guess-My-Number

3. Open the Project:
   Open the index.html file in your preferred web browser to start playing the game.

## Contributing

Feel free to submit issues or pull requests if you find any bugs or have suggestions for improvements.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE file for details.

## Acknowledgements

Inspired by classic number guessing games.

Special thanks to the open-source community for their tools and libraries.
